Relativity is a branch of physics that describes phenomena at a speed comparable to or greater than the speed of light, such as time dilation and length contraction. It's based on a set of postulates that describe how the laws of physics change with increasing speeds of light.

The theory of relativity says that all observers will receive different answers to the same physical laws. In other words, objects moving faster than the speed of light in vacuum remain at rest or appear to be moving slower than the speed of light. However, as speeds increase, so do time dilation and length contraction.
For example, if you are at a location that is far from Earth, like a spaceship on the moon orbiting around the earth, your clocks will show different times than when you're standing on the same planet. This difference in time can be explained by the fact that objects traveling faster than light appear to move faster than they actually do.
The theory of relativity also shows up in the famous photo taken by Albert Einstein and his friend Oskar Schindler who were exploring a mountain in Germany, which showed what's known as the "special case" of the photo. When looking at it from space, you notice that objects moving faster than light appear to move faster than they actually do.
The theory of relativity is still being researched by scientists and philosophers trying to understand how our perception of time and length can be affected by increasing speeds of light. It's an important topic in physics and mathematics because it has led to many new theories, such as the Theory of General Relativity, which attempts to reconcile these new insights with the known laws of physics.
In summary, the theory of relativity is a branch of physics that describes phenomena at a speed comparable to or greater than the speed of light, showing how objects moving faster than light appear to move slower and time dilation occurs as speeds increase. It's one of the most important theories in physics and mathematics and continues to be researched by scientists trying to understand its implications.